---
cover: /FinalTouch169DSC09811_Croped16x9 (Phone).jpg
layout: default
head:
  title: Welcome Page
  description: AGWM Missionary Associates serving in Indonesia doing International Church Ministry in [IES Jakarta](http://iesjakarta.org/).
title: Welcome
---

::hero
---
image: /FinalTouch169DSC09811_Croped16x9 (Small).jpg
---
#title
The Rodys

#description
AGWM Missionary Associates serving in Indonesia doing International Church Ministry with [IES Jakarta](http://iesjakarta.org/).
::

We love building God's church by building up people. It's our desire to see His church grow wherever we are and see what He will do in the lives of those we minister with. For over 30 years we've been ministering together in multi-ethnic, multi-racial and multi-national contexts, with great opportunity to have significant, possitive impact over time.

International church ministry is our focus. In IES we preach, lead worship, do small groups, pre-marital counseling and generally invest in people to grow God's kingdom everyday. We have a lot to give because God, who gives generously, has already given to us.

One of these great gifts is the church. We can't do ministry alone. We need the help of others God has called to help and support what God has given us to do. Find out how to join with us in ministry on our [Giving](https://msrody-the-rodys.nuxt.space/giving) page. It's not just about financial giving. Check it out and see how you too can participate in ministry with us.

Want to know more about us and the ministry we're involved in? Check out our [Articles](https://msrody-the-rodys.nuxt.space/articles), where you can read our thoughts, meet some of our friends, and see what kinds of things we do and value in life and ministry.

We know you might not remember to come back to our site, but we'd love to share with you what's happening as we go forward. If you'd like to hear from us, you can add yourself to our contacts list from our [Contacts](https://msrody-the-rodys.nuxt.space/contacts) page and add your info so we can communicate with you directly. Thank you for partnering with us.
