---
cover: null
author:
  name: MSRody
  avatarUrl: public/MikeWithMicBlue_sm.jpg
  link: https://www.facebook.com/mike.rody
date: 2024-01-09T00:00:00.000Z
layout: article
title: Discipline
description: The alternative to punishment.
---

## Preparation not Punishment

Discipline isn't about punishment, it's preventative for punishment. It is preparation for success. It can be applied after failure, but it's only discipline when it is done to build people up and prepare them to succeed and to overcome.

If you are well disciplined you will be prepared for the task or the trial. Discipline is about prepartation. It's what coaches push athletes to do in preparation for their event. It's what teachers direct students to do in preparation for success. It's what supervisors require to prepare workers to make sure the job is done right and on time. It's what parents do to prepare their kids to function in the world without burning their fingers on the hot stove or electrocuting themselves by licking the electrical socket. Discipline is one way that parents show love to thier children by giving them every opportunity to overcome the obstacles of life. It is a process of developing the mind and muscles to do what's best.

## God discipline us for good.

God also disciplines us as his people. He calls us to leave behind sin and cling to him. He helps us in this by sending His Holy Spirit to walk along side of us and comforts us. God's discipline is good for us because he doesn't leave us alone to find our own way or fail on our own. He allows us to struggle at times so that we rely on him and find out that His way really is the only good right way for us.

## Our new model for discipline

We learn about discipline in many ways. For some abuse and punishment were the only forms of discipline growing up. God's plan is to give a different model for discipline that is loving, gentle and patient, while still being firm and clear.

We need to take God's word to heart and apply ourselves to discipline. Discipline for self, leaving behind the old ways. Discipline for our kids, preparing them for great success in all they do.

## I am not the model of discipline.

I'm not the model of discipline by any stretch. Rather, I'm the model of the one who needs discipline. I was very compliant as a child. I usually folowed the rules and such, but I still lacked discipline. My parents disciplined well, but I still lacked discipine. Compliance may have even masked the need for greater discipline.

I've come to realize that discipline is both external and intenal. Others may help us with discipline but we need to discipline ourselves.

I think God for the accountability of others who help me remain disciplined. Trusted relationships help with discipline. People in groups with me who help me keep on track.

As much as the team approach helps, I've also had to learn to discipline myself. I have to work at it, but thank God, I'm not alone. God calls me to self-discipline in his word. He shows us what we need to do and he comes along side of me to help us prepare to succeed.

## Discipline I'm working at.

I have a number of areas in which I am conscious of discipine. One is eating. I don't do so well and discipline of eating while at the table, so I intermittent fast a few days a week. I work hard to keep the consitent discipline of bible reading daily. It's not always daily, but I work at it because it is good for me. I discipline my mind with what I vew and spend time with. I want to make sure that I am disciplined for mental success as [Philippians 4:8](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Philippians%204%3A8\&version=NIV\&interface=print) suggests.

> Philippians 4:8 - NIV
> ⁸ Finally, brothers and sisters, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things.
